Help guys come to this video and this video we're going to talk about the post and pages.
First let me explain the difference between posts and pages.
You guys may already know about the boys and baby boys are just like we see your Facebook news feed
coming from our friends in stream in the news page and those are basically the same thing is on the
blog.
We create some content with images and text and video and we posted it and that will show on our homepage.
And that is basically the post.
Ok that is Garlett post.
You can read as many posts as you want.
OK.
Now let's talk about the BHB is basically static like about us or contact us or do you want to say something
about your company that is basically the big game legacy about us or contact us on some Web sites.
So let's talk about how we can add posts and pages to our blog.
Go to your Edmond Bendel.
President Bennell and to create a post people post and new OK.
This is where you create your post.
OK enter your post article here and the text are the images or everything related to the post you can
add this in this text field right here.
And these are your options.
These options.
This line is basically hidden.
It is like this.
To show this line what you need to do here.
OK then this toolbar will show.
These are some other options that we can apply to other post.
Ok so now let's create an amazing post to write the data here.
I'm going to said this is the first use of my blog.
OK so this is going to be the title.
Let's write some text about it.
These Buist is amazing because in my first post I guess I'm going to copy this and pasted a couple of
times.
Third I want my boys to look a little bit big again.
You just demonstration of how to show you guys who get this is how you write a post to add image to
add images to your post.
All you need to do.
Click on the word at Image for word and image.
Here in this area I am going to put up some space and color and image here.
Now to add image add media right here.
OK now this box will pop up.
These are two images that I added before.
Just to check if everything is working or not.
This will not show basically if you are doing this to know what you need to do.
Could upload files OK.
Nope it could select files.
No select the file that you want to upload.
It can be an image or it can be a really you know we are going to upload the picture or image.
I have some wallpapers left and direct wallpapers.
OK that is fun open ended is going to be applauded.
And click on insert into the post I'm just showing you how you can add both.
If you can do it already.
OK this is very easy just like working on a mix of it.
OK.
See all these options here.
This is to make the next board select some text and click on it.
The text will become bored if you want some text to be a DELICH selected and click this icon and it
will become DELICH if you want to create a heading.
For example let's execute a heading.
I'm going to say this is the heading
of my number make it heading just call here and click whatever heading you want to do heading what heading
to is too much big.
I always do heading to but it depends on you whatever you want to do.
I'm going to heading to and see what becomes heading you can as many headings you want.
OK now you guys know how to add picture.
Let's let's reposition the image file.
You want the image to appear on the right side.
These are the position options click on it.
See it is now in the right side.
Make it look in the center.
Click on this and it will be in the center.
Now for the left side click on this and see it in the left third of over text.
Ok this is how we add images known.
For example you want to insert this image somewhere else that will blow the text.
You can't simply drag it on it and drag it right here.
You notice here you can add it wherever you want.
Just drag it.
This is how we'd write a post.
Now let's talk a little a little bit about the groggery we will.
I will explain categories in the next with you.
I will explain when I get in dept in the next room to you know for the pools.
The category is necessary to talk about here.
Categories are basically doors.
You can see the categories are very important for a page.
You might read about technology and health health and technology will be your category.
This post is related to the health.
I click on.
Categories are shown here again and they will be held and they will be declawed you.
This post helped me select the health category.
Then I would publish my post and this board will be under health category so I will explain this in
the next video how we can create categories delete categories how we can add balls to a certain category.
Right now we have only one category and that is Uncategorized because we have not created a category.
We get to go to it in the next video.
OK now we have goodies from going to Uncategorized.
OK so this is the first team that you need to select the category.
The second thing that you need to do after creating post is to select the featured image or upload the
featured image featuring me.
Basically demonstrate our features your boss.
This boss is related to the heart disease and heart disease.
So select relevant image about heart disease.
What is a person.
He has his hand on his chest and that shows about heart heart disease.
OK that is just I'm just telling you that your post missed your picture must be related to your post.
So forgivable this post is about technology so the feature must be relevant to the technology.
OK so you got the idea what I'm saying.
To me you're very important.
OK all with the Mr Good post so I'm going to click Set featured image.
I'm going to upload a file for my featured image.
It looks like a wallpaper is just for demonstration but upload a random picture but your picture must
be relevant to your post.
Make sure they're OK.
So this is just a demonstration of will upload and image
this throughout is.
I hope you believe that.
Q ready next year.
OK.
But you said we didn't bitch and show here.
OK this is our featured image now.
OK.
So first thing is you'd get bored at night and media whatever you want to do on your boss whatever you
want to write every media add pictures or videos.
Second thing you need to do is select the category.
And third important thing is featured in these things only you need these three teams to make a post
write a post an amazing post like a category.
And that said if feature image and best done is to publish course.
Your post is not complete you write you wrote only half of your post and you want to write half.
After today's forgettable you can always save your post to save it and then edit it and then complete
it and then you can publish it again you can do whatever you like.
Fundable your post is completed and you will review it how it looks you can be people would agree with
your post Leslie can publish.
So this post is going to be published on her blog.
OK post is published so we can update our posts for you were to delete some Bijoor or some text and
after doing that update and that post will be updated.
OK so I'm going to refresh and that post will show up at our home page.
This is basically our homepage.
I'm going to refresh it.
See when and where you will get a post that will show that our home page.
Ok this is our first board post added a minute ago and Uncategorized groggery zero comments on it.
OK to have to read more or read in detail this post really can read more into the future image OK.
This one is the featured image that we just added.
Now let's read more.
And this is our post most of the featured image like you see on other blogs the featured images are
shown on the read more page on this deal page.
But our post is over featured in our shown here.
OK and that is that is basically the that setting is basically off from the team and we will be on in
the next bit as we will.
I will explain in depth that how we can customize our blog.
OK we will feature show with the featured image on this page.
OK we will do in the next lot.
Not in the next you will I will customize our team.
Ok then I will turn on the feature and then feature images of them will also be shown here.
OK.
So I hope you guys know understand how we create postes.